Update documentation for SCDF on K8s (#173)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: api/v3/stream/data-flow-stream.md

This section shows how to register stream applications with Data Flow, create a Stream DSL, and deploy the resulting application to Cloud Foundry, Kubernetes, and your local machine.

> In our previous guides we created `ISource`, `IProcessor` and `ISink` .NET streaming components using Steeltoe and deployed them as standalone applications (i.e. not on SCDF) on multiple platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our previous guides we created `ISource`, `IProcessor` and `ISink` .NET streaming components using Steeltoe and deployed them as standalone applications on multiple platforms without using Spring Cloud Data Flow.
```

Reviewer: I think it make sense to cross-link to those guides here in case somebody found this page first by accident and needs to backtrack

Author: I don't have the guide for Stand alone applications yet, but when I do, I will update this page. Created this issue https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Documentation/issues/175

1. When deploying the stream, choose the target platform accounts from local, Kubernetes, or Cloud Foundry. This is based on the Spring Cloud Skipper server deployer platform account setup.

> >**NOTE:** Currently, when deploying on K8s, set the application properties for the .NET applications to [entrypoint-style]
> (https://docs.spring.io/spring-cloud-dataflow/docs/current/reference/htmlsingle/#_entry_point_style) of `boot`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** When deploying on K8s, .NET applications should have the application properties for the [entrypoint-style](https://docs.spring.io/spring-cloud-dataflow/docs/current/reference/htmlsingle/#_entry_point_style) set to `boot`
```
Using `**NOTE:**` might be excessive here too given the way block quotes get formatted. You might want to double-check with other similar notes to make sure we're consistent. I know we removed a lot of this practice in one round of docs edits a while back because it was a bit superfluous

 <img src="~/api/v3/stream/images/SCDF-deploy-stream.png" alt="Deploy Stream" width="100%">

   When all the applications are running, the stream is successfully deployed.

 <img src="~/api/v3/stream/images/SCDF-stream-deployed.png" alt="Stream deployed" width="100%">

>   The preceding process is basically the same for all platforms. The following sections addresses platform-specific details for deploying on Data Flow on Cloud Foundry and Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The preceding process is basically the same for all platforms. The following sections address platform-specific details for deploying on Data Flow on Cloud Foundry and Kubernetes.
```

Besides verifying the runtime status of your stream, you should also verify the logging output produced by the `basicstreamsink` sink. In Cloud Foundry Apps Manager, click the **Logs** tab of the `basicstreamsink` sink application.

> To run data through the stream you can POST data to the HttpSource application and verify the logs for the transformed output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run data through the stream, POST data to the HttpSource application and verify the logs for the transformed output.
```

How? Can we add a trivial cURL sample here?

Author: Added an example with Httpie

#### Registering Applications with Spring Cloud Data Flow server

For the `Http` source, use the following:

```
docker:springcloudstream/http-source-rabbit:3.0.1

```

For the `BasicStreamProcessor` processor, use the following:

```

> ocker://projects.registry.vmware.com/steeltoe/basicstreamprocessor:latest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
docker://projects.registry.vmware.com/steeltoe/basicstreamprocessor:latest
```

Reviewer: I missed that, good catch

```
NAME                                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
scdf-release-mariadb-0                                        1/1     Running   0          4d
scdf-release-rabbitmq-0                                       1/1     Running   0          4d
scdf-release-spring-cloud-dataflow-server-5c794bfb6b-n9fql    1/1     Running   0          4d
scdf-release-spring-cloud-dataflow-skipper-7d69cb747c-mwjj6   1/1     Running   0          4d
steeltoestream-http-v2-ff96445b9-8p2fl                        1/1     Running   0          3m12s
steeltoestream-steeltoebasicprocessor-v2-78974485d9-66w55     1/1     Running   0          3m12s
steeltoestream-steeltoebasicsink-v2-5fd5c84448-f2w5b          1/1     Running   0          3m12s
```

##### Verifying the Logs

To be sure the steps in the previous sections have worked correctly, you should verify the logs.

> To run data through the stream you can POST data to the HttpSource application and verify the logs for the transformed output.

Reviewer: Same question as above

Author: Added an example with Httpie.
